I'm sure you'll be hurt.
Oh, sister, Haruhiko, where is Dodo?
What?
I'm thinking of you as a samurai.
Oh, my daughter.
Sister.
What's wrong with you?
We've been called by the gods.
The enemy is a woman.
We're the true masters.
What?
You're the master's replacement.
We're the masters.
If you apologize, the enemy will be angry.
You're a woman.
Please don't die.
No, no.
I'm just a student.
I've lived for a hundred years.
I don't know what to do.
Even if I die,
I'll be by the shogun's side.
I can't take the name of the young woman.
I'm sure you're here to die.
Even if I die,
I'll be by the shogun's side.
Oh, my God.
Please be prepared.
There are many guards here.
Oh, Katsura, how many guards here?
But High
— The
I will die.
To die?
You besides are RСteping to.
He's good!
Free of sin and guilt.
In name and name.
Does sing now with the paths of stages.
...of this 정도 nobut that was the invented law.
You, in your own body, will no more活 whose way of life is easy ...
... struggling for your department!
Even, tasting carnage, berico without bandages.
Thank you for watching!